In cairo
Alt #1: Add win32_printing_surface_create_with_size
Alt #2: Add a cairo_pdf_surface_set_size like function to the win32_printing backend
Two helpers needed:
  - _extract_pdf_surface - like
  - _cairo_pdf_surface_set_size_internal - like

 Add a test for metafiles
 Allow new function only for metafiles


In future releases
ADD: shadow to arrows and labels
Divider package
	ADD: Make divider only within a box
	ADD: Allow divider to have entities
To be considered
	ADD: more styles to design lib
	ADD: More arrow types --> ==> >>> ..> 
ADD: variant #1 double and triple-line joints for emphasis
ADD: Style and color explorer (show what a style or color contains at any place in the chart)
ADD: Context menu to editor (track one, tracking mode, find, replace, Style explorer)
ADD: symbol cross/text [marker] at vertxpos [rotate];
ADD: message lost (and lost arrowhead)
ADD: mark centerline
FIX: Regression Bugs in Contour Expand still remain...
FIX: Too much compress after adding MITER_LIMIT
FIX: Triple bevel changes size when size limited.
FIX: Node hideentitylines, for radius bigger than 70
CHANGE: Mesh gradients.
ADD: Tip of the day
ADD: Check if file changed on disk
ADD: URL's to PNG

In 3.5.6
FIX: What is exactly the size of the WMF image?
FIXED: Nicer tracking of fallback image
FIXED: Update ribbon with fallback percentage & two panels: Fallback image and Object size


In 3.5.5
FIXED: cairo bug with text on scaled contexts
FIXED: Controls, mouse events, track rects adjusted for pages & non-00 origins
FIX: Installation issue


In 3.5.4
FIXED: Printing sucks: added EMF layer in-between
FIXED: Recompile if pbembedded is changed
FIXED: Embedded objects loose text
FIXED: Add more linewidth to labels
FIXED: recording bug (a cairo bug in recording_surface->bbtree)
FIXED: self arrows on the leftside cropped

In 3.5.3
CHANGED: Use cairo meta surfaces in Windows - they do not work in 1.10 as needed
CHANGED: Switched to cairo 1.12.8 and the new pixman 
ADDED: Embedded Object Context Category to the Ribbon
ADDED: PB Embedded and fallback resolution is now saved with embedded object

In 3.5.2
REMOVED: In place editing

In 3.5.1
ADDED: Option to re-open accidentally closed internal editor

In 3.5
FIX: regression with stripes - also test contour fully
DOC'd: Add titles, vspace, symbol, mark to commands section
DOC'd: Add titles and detail notes in doc.
FIXED: pink color
FIXED: Background command does not work (old test)
FIXED: Grouped entity 2 note problem.
FIXED: merge lcomment and rcomment
FIXED: pipes note, test1 note
CHANGE: Add Comments to arclist and remove them only at postparseprocess
ADDED: Notes and comments
ADDED: Titles and subtitles
ADDED: Partial designs and msc +=
ADDED: Bkg and lcomment.fill et al to designs
ADDED: Many more designs
FIXED: some layout bugs

In 3.4
FIXED: Label attribute CSH if specified via a quoted string (3.4.19)
FIXED: Problem with round boxes and extra long labels (simon)
FIXED: Why dot and diamond arrow heads make arrow lines disappear?
FIXED: Dinand's pipe label: turned out to be a problem with missing cairo fallback images if fake_scale is too large (unexplained) (3.4.18)
FIXED: Parallel with non-compress (3.4.16)
ADDED: A bit of an XP compatibility (3.4.15)
ADDED: text.* attributes and options (3.4.14)
ADDED: 'colores' design
FIXED: Numbering in parallel
FIXED: Disco compress
FIXED: parallel compress
FIXED: totally empty box... (3.4.13)
DOC'D: number in vertxpos and symbol ...
FIXED: Embedded objects pageing
ADDED: number in vertxpos
ADDED: symbol ...
FIXED: Shadow direction with angled block arrows
FIXED: side and angle attributes were not hinted 
ADDED download link to version check window
ADDED verstion check info to About Dialog
TESTED: openoffice linking, Libreoffice linking
- Openoffice and LibreOffice does not support inserting Links
FIXED: examples. Missing lines ???
CANCELLED: Expand parallel behaviour
	- add valign={top, center, bottom} attribute
	- (may add experimental = keyline. Add keyline to DrawHeight as a reference, only arrows and dividers
		should return one)
	- add overlap=no attribute to use compress, but downward...
	- add these attributes to the style under parallel.valign and parallel.overlaps
ADDED: arrows in an angle
CANCELLED: Save/Restore the position of the Full screen toolbar (watch out that it is not outside the screen)
CANCELLED: Re-add escape key to exit in-place editing...
ADDDED: Entity activate/deactivate
CHANGED: Create an order in CreateRectangle - do it at one place
FIXED: Box drawing suchks
FIXED: Pipe draws vertical line
FIXED: test1.signalling fails
FIXED: Make all examples compile with full active entities
FIXED: A collapsed group entity activated just draws a line (but gaps are kept)
FIXED: Three-layered nested entities do not draw, due to stupid listing with string
FIXED: Entity attributes does not get hinted well
FIXED: triple-half, double half arrowheads should have the line extended to line
FIXED: --- with no label;
FIXED: make arrows keep more space from the entity line (esp. dbl line block arrows)
FIXED: Diamond and dot arrowheads at end are drawn badly for block arrows
FIXED: Diamond and dot normal arrowheads do not align with middle of entity line
FIXED: Block arrows ->a-> should keep gap if a is active
CANCELLED: why cannot I defstyle entity [active=yes]? (Because it is not a style attr. Now we give error.)
FIXED: MscCanvas and MscBase and Msc
FIXED: Block arrowheads draw well
FIXED: Block arrow space for sharp - take linewidth into account: add line formatting to big calls
FIXED: Line segment stuff not copied to all segments
FIXED: Why block arrows compress badly?
FIXED: stripes with thick lines should expand...
CHANGED: Rewritten Edge into a single class
FIXED: Regression problems in contour
FIXED: labels should keep gap if a->b:aaa is between two active entities
CANCELLED: Pipes should be wider if entity is active
CANCELLED: if box radius is decreased due to low height, recalc label position
FIXED: the indicator inside a collapsed block arrow should have more space below it
FIXED: add shadow to the indicator for certain styles
FIXED: test1.signalling
ADDED: symbol circle/box [marker] at vertxpos [xsize, ysize, style];
FIXED: What is the problem with ex37??? in GNU

In 3.2
FIXED: Dashed entity line now never falls back to image
FIXED: Box sizing now fixed on the left side
ADDED: New styles for designs
FIXED: Why box_collapse_arrow & entity collapse in grouped entities2.signalling
FIXED: Entity has margin and indicator
FIXED: Copy parallel from first box in a series to the series.
FIXED: Style copy does not work well (e.g., radius)
FIXED: Tipography for group headings bad with comrpess
FIXED: Label of group entities cannot be wider if only one contained entity.
FIXED: ArcHeightList returns bad height when compress effectively does something.
DOC: Updated.
CHANGED: Unescaped } and ] in labels gives warning.
ADDED: Toolbar button to turn controls on/off
FIXED: FullScreen view should not allow modification
FIXED: No immediate hint after collapse=
FIXED: parallel shows strange symptoms
FIXED: individual compress on/off does not work
FIXED: Why do we get bidir block arrow all the time if collapsing a box
FIXED: Entity hide does not work
ADDED: Box collapse, box_collapsed + box_collapsed_arrow styles
FIXED: hinting is bad for entity attributes inside a group.
FIXED: Indicator should have cover and mainline.
ADDED: Show indicators in collapsed attributes (but show them upwards)
FIXED: thick lines with dot mid do not show in WMF
ADDED: indicator chart option and context element. PostParseProcess shall return indicators instead of NULL, when appropriate.
CHANGED:Split ArcEmphasis to ArcBox and ArcPipe & Series in c++ code
ADDED: Grouping of entities, entitygroup + entitygroup_collapsed + indicator style. Also indicator option and attribute.
FIXED: vline was quite much ignored.
CANCELLED: Do another round of CommandEntity merging after PostParseProcess (entities may disappear)

In 3.0
FIXED: Upgrade install
ADDED: Uninstall shortcut
DONE: faster drawing on screen using meta surfaces
ADDED: More precise tracking mode
ADDED: long_dashed, dash_dotted, triple and triple_thick line styles
ADDED: More arrowheads (double_*, triple_*, sharp, empty_sharp; also xmul and ymul attributes)
ADDED: A richer variety of block arrowhead (*_empty, added empty_inv and sharp)
ADDED: Combined directional arrow styles such as a<->b<<>>c (also for block arrows)
ADDED: shadow attribute to block arrows and verticals (updated designlib)
ADDED: More space to ... dividers
ADDED: line.corner attribute with bevel, note 
ADDED: global text.format chart option to impact all text (can be part of a design too)
ADDED: SHOW and HIDE keywords (showexplicit flag to EntityDef)
ADDED: Command bye so that file end can be used for comments
ADDED: Add size settings (scale=, x=, y=) to command line and a customized dialog to File->Export
ADDED: AutoSplit mode (also for full screen)
ADDED: Page combo to fulls screen toolbar
FIXED: missing ; at the end of last command creates an empty chart
FIXED: If we select a hint, use the hinted text, not the one in the editor (casedness)
FIXED: allow hint when typing just before another word
FIXED: Hints now do auto-completion
FIXED: Focus always goes back to the internal editor.
FIXED: Move caching from CChartData to a separate object.
ADDED: Scale to all drawing operations. Direct drawing to windows surface & bitmap caching
ADDED: onlyforboxes side requirement for widths
CHANGE: pipe::fromright and vertical::readfromleft are both renamed into "side"

In 2.6
FIXED: Many improvements to parsing, but missing the ; still result in empty chart
ADDED: IntelliSense-like suggestions and auto-completion

In 2.5.6
FIXED: A critical bug (new in 2.5.5): freeze when copying the chart to the clipboard or opening an embedded one

In 2.5.5
FIXED: Under XP now we use cairo_text_path, so it works.
FIXED: after a many line-label terminated with a semicolon TAB works bad in next line
FIXED: Tabbing a multiline label (all of it) works bad
FIXED: Now dropping a file will be equal to opening one (will ask for save and erase undo)

In 2.5.4
FIXED: Notification of new version showed the old version in the dialog.
FIXED: non-empty boxes were not numbered by default even if numbering=yes
UPDATE DOC: with empty escape and numbering updates (formats & multi-level)
CHANGED: Number format was too cryptic, changed to simpler escapes

In 2.5.3
CHANGED: Introduced Context into code
CHANGED: if adding levels just at the beginning of a numbered box, block arrow, etc., decrement that.
ADDED: Multi-level numbering
ADDED: Number formats
ADDED: Possibility to place the number anywhere you want inside a label

In 2.5.2
FIXED again: ... makes vlines dotted till end of chart

In 2.5.1
FIXED: Applying a style kills numbering
ADDED: Add empty escape to allow number style to be different from beginning of text
FIXED: ... makes vlines dotted till end of chart
 